Add doc that covers how to add an app from Git (#2935)
pipe-cd/pipe: docs/content/en/docs-dev/user-guide/configuration-reference.md

| Field | Type | Description | Required |
|-|-|-|-|

> | name | string | The application name. | Yes if you set the application through the application configuration file |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name | string | The application name. | Yes (if you want to create PipeCD application through the application configuration file) |
```
nits, and same for the others.

Author: Looks good. But currently others are in the form of this. So let me work on it as a separate PR.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19730728/146146700-25b21353-93fe-4d06-a57a-c5add344257d.png)

Author: Okay, for the sentence, let me borrow yours 👍

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying 👍
